All right.
So now that we have installed our required NPM libraries, we can configure the font awesome icons to
work with our view application.
We're actually going to register them as global components.
And I want to talk about the differences between global components versus local components.
So what I have opened here is main navigate view and we see here that we are importing our three different
components action button, profile, image and sub nav and we are registering them here with our main
nav component using this components key, which allows us to use these components within the template
of the main NAV.
This is an example of local components because we are registering these components to be used with a
within a local scope, within a singular scope, within a boundary.
Right.
In other words, we cannot use these components outside of the main nav file.
If we wanted to use these components in another file, we'd have to follow the same boilerplate code.
We'd have to import the component we want to use registered as a child component using the components
key, and then we use it in that respective component.
So each time we have to duplicate that code.
And so we're limiting the usage of these child components to the local component, to the one that we
are actually using these components.
Again, that's in comparison to a global component.
What we can do is register a component at the top level of the View app.
When we are setting up the whole View app and we're going to be able to use that component in any other
view component without having to go through this process.
In the JavaScript section of the component, we're going to be able to just go to a template of any
Vue component and reuse a global component.
We don't even have to import it.
So of course, one disadvantage of that approach is that you may not be sure where that global component
is coming from because it's just going to be something we right here, you know, some global component
and somebody may not know where it's coming from.
It may be coming from one library or another.
That's one disadvantage.
But of course, the big advantage is that it spares us writing a whole bunch of code down below.
Where would you use global components?
Well, typically you're going to use it when you have something that truly is used.
Very often you need it in a lot of different places.
It's typically going to be something small and lightweight, such as an icon service.
That way you can use an icon of this values, an icon in that file and not have to go through that boilerplate
of re importing re-import the disadvantage of global components.
Because you might be saying, well, why don't we just make everything global?
Why don't we just make any component reusable in any other component?
Well, because that's actually going to bloat or increase the size of your view bundle.
The more that you limit the scope of where things are used, the more the builder knows how to optimize
where certain imports are needed and where they're not.
And if it splits your view up into smaller files, it can optimize and say, this page needs this,
but it doesn't need that.
And so we typically will have better build architectures when we don't bloat and put a lot of unnecessary
things in at the top level.
If we put something as a global component, we're basically indicating that this is going to be something
that's so common and so reusable that it's basically going to be used everywhere.
If we stuff everything in that global component collection, well, then every every file on any page
in our view that they use as anything will use those components, even if they're not actually being
used in a template.
And that doesn't lead to the best bundle.
So it's a mixed bag, right?
There's advantages and there's disadvantages.
But for something like Font Awesome, which I anticipate us using in a lot of different places, that's
pretty lightweight.
I think it's okay to add it as a global component and also gives us, of course, the opportunity to
talk about global components in the first place.
All right.
So what are we going to do here?
Well, we are going to go to a file called Main that J.
S This is the bootstrapping of our view application.
This is where everything kicks off.
As far as the launching of The View app.
As a reminder, what we're doing here is importing the create app function from view, and then we're
importing our most top level component, the parent of all parents, the top of the hierarchy, the
top of the pyramid, our app component.
We're creating a view app starting from that app component, and then we're mounting it into a div in
the HTML page that has an ID of app.
All right.
As a reminder, that HTML page is in the public folder.
It has a div with an idea of app.
This is where we're telling the view app to hook into.
So because we want our font awesome icons to be globally available, we're going to register them here.
We're going to make the whole view app aware of them right here, and that's going to allow it to cascade
the knowledge and that global component to any other component that is within app within our larger
view hierarchy of components.
So we're going to begin by importing three imports from the three libraries that we installed in the
previous lesson.
We're going to start by importing font, awesome icon, capital F and I and this is going to come from
the for awesome library called Vue Font Awesome.
Next line, we're going to import another named export.
This one is an object called library and that's going to come from four awesome font, awesome SVG core.
CVG Court.
Just to give you a little bit of context.
Library is an object that you can almost think of it like a library in the real world where a library
is a collection of books.
In this case, our library is a collection of available icons.
So we're importing a library that is starting out as empty.
And what we need to do is register any icon that we may want to use with this library.
I'll show you that syntax in just a second.
Then I want to import the actual icon that I want to make globally available.
We're not going to make every single font awesome icon available.
We're just going to start with that search icon, that magnifying glass.
So I'm going to import a named export called F, a search with a capital S, and this is going to come
from the for awesome library called free dash, solid dash SVG dash icons.
All right.
So it's going to follow a similar naming convention for all of these icons.
It's always going to begin with F a, which is short for font.
Awesome, followed by the name of that icon.
And the name is going to match the exact name of the icon as you'll find it on the font awesome website.
So you can use that website to start your search and see the actual image in your browser and then import
the similarly named icon.
Import from this library.
In fact, you don't have to do this.
But what I'm going to do is press control, click into this f search to go into the internal library
definitions and you're going to see all of the available find awesome icons here.
So we have things like search, search, dollar, and here is a school f, a school F, a screwdriver
f a ruler right through.
There's all kinds of different available icons here.
If I scroll down, you can see there's literally more than a thousand here.
So we're going to import just the ones we need for now.
All we need is search.
Okay.
So two more lines that we need to add to this file.
The next thing we need to do, as I mentioned, is registering our search icon with our library.
Our library is our collection of available icons.
So on this library object, there is a method called ADD pretty good name for method.
We are adding a icon or a icon definition and I for now just want to add the F8 search icon to my library.
Now by itself we have not yet connected anything to view yet we have just set up the infrastructure
to have a library with one icon available.
Now we have to connect that library to our actual view app.
So here on this line where we are creating the view up and mounting before the Mount method, I want
to call another method called component.
So I'm going to call that method component.
I'm going to invoke it and then I'm going to call mount on the return value.
So this is actually a special design pattern in case you're unfamiliar, where the methods that are
available on this view object will always return the same object itself.
And the benefit of that design is that we can invoke as many methods in a row and we're can rest assured
that we're always getting the same app object back.
So we're going to get an app object we're going to call the component method on it.
That is going to give me back the app object itself, which is what allows me to call mount on that,
on it the exact same way as we had it a minute ago.
So we have this component method that is going to register a global component within our whole view
app.
And this method takes two arguments and it functions very similarly to the way our components key works
in any typical view file so far where we have registered local components, the first argument is going
to be a string that represents what you want the name of the component to be whenever we are using it
throughout the app.
So this is what we're going to be putting within our template, within our HTML.
So I'm going to call our component font dash awesome dash icon.
This name is up to me, but this is a common community convention.
This is what we're going to be using in our HTML file.
So anytime we are in our components in the template section, we're going to be writing font dash,
awesome dash icon.
That's basically what we declared there with the first argument.
The second argument, of course, is the actual component that's going to render when we use that syntax
and that is going to be our font awesome icon that we imported from line number two.
Right?
And that's all there is to do in this lesson.
This configures a global component, a font awesome icon and it's available library of icons will include
just the search icon.
So we have everything we need to get started.
In the very next lesson, we're going to actually use font awesome to render that search icon that magnifying
glass in our subnet.